GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 3, 29 June 2007

 Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/>
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

                            Preamble

  The GNU General Public License is a free, copyleft license for
software and other kinds of works.

  The licenses for most software and other practical works are designed
to take away your freedom to share and change the works. By contrast,
the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to
share and change all versions of a program--to make sure it remains free
software for all its users. We, the Free Software Foundation, use the
GNU General Public License for most of our software; it applies also to
any other work released this way by its authors. You can use it for
your programs, too.

  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not
price. Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you
have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for
them if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it if you
want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new
free programs, and that you know that you can do these things.

  To protect your rights, we need to prevent others from denying you
these rights or asking you to surrender the rights. Therefore, you have
certain responsibilities if you distribute copies of software, or if
you modify it: responsibilities to respect the freedom of others.

  For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether
gratis or for a fee, you must pass on to the recipients all the freedoms
that you received. You must make sure that they, too, receive or can
get the source code. And you must show them these terms so they know
their rights.

  Developers that use the GNU GPL protect your rights with two steps:
(1) assert copyright on the software, and (2) offer you this License
giving you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or modify it.

  For the developers' and authors' protection, the GPL clearly explains
that there is no warranty for this free software. For both users' and
developers' sake, the GPL requires that modified versions be marked as
changed, so that their problems will not be attributed erroneously to
authors of previous versions.

  Some devices are designed to deny users access to install or run
modified versions of the software inside them, although the manufacturer
can do so. This is fundamentally incompatible with the aim of protecting
users' freedom to change the software. The systematic pattern of such
abuse occurs in the area of products for individuals to use, which is
precisely where it is most unacceptable. Therefore, we have designed
this version of the GPL to forbid the practice for those products. If
such problems arise and persist in a few jurisdictions, we know that
applying this section essentially means cutting off use of the software
in those jurisdictions. In that case, the license would be cut down to
remove this section, but the rest of the license would remain in force.

  Finally, every program is threatened constantly by software patents.
States should not allow patents to restrict development and use of
software on general-purpose computers, but in those that do, we wish to
avoid the special danger that patents applied to a free program could
make it effectively proprietary. To prevent this, the GPL assures that
patents cannot be used to render the program non-free.

  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
modification follow.

                       TERMS AND CONDITIONS

  0. Definitions.

  "This License" refers to version 3 of the GNU General Public License.

  "The Program", refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this
License. Each licensee is addressed as "you". "Licensees" and
"recipients" may be individuals or organizations.

  To "modify" a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the work
in a fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the making of
an exact copy. The resulting work is called a "modified version" of the
earlier work or a work "based on the Program".

  A "covered work" means either the unmodified Program or a work based
on the Program.

  To "propagate" a work means to do anything with it that, without
permission, would make you directly or secondarily liable for copyright
infringement, except executing it on a computer or modifying a private
copy. Propagation includes copying, redistribution, reverse engineering,
and public display.

  A "contributor" is an author of the Program or an entity that controls
copyright of or in the Program.

  An "essential patent claim" is a patent claim (herein "patent claim")
which, absent its license, would necessarily be infringed by making,
using, selling, offering for sale, importing, or otherwise running, a
covered work. A "contributory patent claim" is a patent claim which,
absent its license, would necessarily be infringed by making, using,
selling, offering for sale, importing or otherwise running a covered work
jointly with other software. For avoidance of doubt, a patent claim is
not an essential patent claim merely because it is embodied in standard
industrial technologies.

  A "licensee" is an individual or legal entity exercising rights under
this License.

  "You" refers to a licensee.

  "Your" refers to a licensee's.

  "Your patent claims" means all patent claims owned or controlled by you,
whether now or hereafter acquired, that would be infringed by a covered
work.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
soley by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work,
or that you acquired solely by virtue of your ownership of a covered work
that you did not create or contribute to.

  "Your patent claims" does not include patent claims that you acquired
solely by virtue of your employment or engagement as a contractor, or
that you acquired solely by virtue
